Reconcile NIP-96 and NIP-98 and address implementation challenge (#1390)
nostr-protocol/nips: 96.md

## Auth

> When indicated, `clients` must add an [NIP-98](98.md) `Authorization` header.
> `clients` SHOULD include either the `payload` tag or the `payload_multipart` tag with the `file` multipart field name included in the digest (`["payload_multipart", "<sha256-of-file>", "file"]`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When indicated, `clients` must add an [NIP-98](98.md) `Authorization` header (or form field if using an html form). It may include the `payload_multipart` tag with just the `file` field hash.
```

Considering the `payload` tag was optional, it is safe to use just the new `payload_multipart` one.

Author: I think I agree. My reasoning for allowing either was basically backwards compatibility, but there's really nothing to be backwards compatible with afaict.
